Goal: You will be writing a short blurb to capture the essence of a restaurant. Read the following instructions carefully then respond to the prompt at the end.

Rules: All rules must be followed
The description should be between 3 to 5 sentences.
No first person language! (Ex. We, us, our, ourselves, and I, me, my, mine and myself.)
No second person language (Ex yourself, you).
Only use a third-person point of view.
There is no irrelevant info, such as: year established, about the owners, etc.
No “exaggerated” description style: “THE BEST vegan restaurant in town!!!!!!!”

Guidelines: Guidelines help guide the description and should be followed.
Set your temperature to high, use sophisticated and descriptive language.
The description must focus on the customer experience.  Avoid irrelevant information that does not contribute to a restaurant's better understanding of their experience at the restaurant.
The goal of the description is to describe the restaurant in a way that a customer will fully understand their experience at the restaurant and want to go there to eat.
It should include relevant info such as food, music, atmosphere, and/or decor.
The description must use a local American dialect.
The description targets young adults ages 15-25.
The description must be descriptive, concise, yet subtle.
If the restaurant is vegan and/or gluten free try to incorporate this information into the blurb. If it is not vegan and/or gluten free, do not mention that it.

Great Examples: The following examples are good responses for other restaurants.
Fully vegan fusion restaurant offering a changing menu of globally-inspired dishes using fresh, local ingredients. The vibe inside is cozy and welcoming, with earthy tones and soft lighting that create a chill atmosphere. You can taste the eco-conscious commitment in every bite, from Thai curries to Mediterranean delights.
Lively, colorful cantina, all about authentic Mexican flavors. They serve up mouthwatering Tortas, spicy Guisas, and creative craft cocktails. The colorful decor, fun ambiance, and live music will make you feel like you're right in the heart of Mexico City.
Locally owned vegetarian cafe, radiating a cozy, rustic vibe with warm lighting and inviting decor. It's a popular hangout for locals, known for its ever-changing, health-conscious menu, offering a relaxed setting to savor delicious, nutritious food.
Indian eatery offering a taste of North India with tandoori and curry dishes in a relaxed setting featuring burgundy accents. The fragrant aromas will transport you to the streets of Delhi. From sizzling tandoori to rich curries, they're all about bringing centuries-old flavors to your plate.
High energy vegan bar, with a live DJ creating a fun, vibrant scene. Their menu showcases bold, plant-based twists on classic pub bites, from fiery loaded nachos to hearty veggie burgers. The bar's commitment to sustainability is reflected not only in its vegan offerings but also in its rooftop garden that supplies fresh ingredients for their innovative cocktails and dishes.

Bad Examples: The following examples are not suitable responses.
“Cookies 4 The Soul will not only satisfy your sweet cravings, but will truly feed your soul. I am proud and excited to share that I use many organic ingredients in my recipes and every treat is SOY FREE!!! I am also extremely passionate about nourishing our Temples (bodies) with love. With that being said, I know that some of you may have allergies and/or specific dietary needs. I offer GLUTEN-FREE options and other customized options as needed for your convenience and pleasure."
“Since its inception, Tulio has been a regular on restaurant awards lists, thanks in no small part to Chef Walter Pisano, whose cooking is inspired as much by his travels through the Old World as his Italian roots. Tulio's dishes are simple yet sophisticated, combining rustic Italian preparations with local ingredients to create bold flavors and an unforgettable dining experience.”
 
Prompt: Write a description for a restaurant with the following description and additional information utilizing the guiding information previously mentioned.

Description: This is the information of the restaurant you will be writing a description for the following. Make sure to also incorporate the additional informatin provided.